Making necessary changes in the running-functional-tests document. Also doing some cleanup. (#8087)
radius-project/radius: docs/contributing/contributing-code/contributing-code-tests/running-functional-tests.md

### Prerequisites

1. Place `rad` on your path
2. Make sure `rad-bicep` is downloaded (`rad bicep download`)
3. Make sure your [local dev environment is setup](../contributing-code-control-plane/running-controlplane-locally.md)
4. Log into your Github account and [Generate PAT](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens)
5. Log-in to the container registry of your Github organization.
   1. `export CR_PAT=<your_pat>`
   2. `echo $CR_PAT | docker login ghcr.io -u <your_username> --password-stdin`
6. Publish Bicep test recipes by running `BICEP_RECIPE_REGISTRY=<registry-name> make publish-test-bicep-recipes`
7. Publish Terraform test recipes by running `make publish-test-terraform-recipes`
8. Change the visibility of the published packages to 'public'

> ⚠️ The tests assume the Kubernetes namespace in use is `default`. If your environment is set up differently you will see test failures.
> ⚠️ If you set environment variables for functional tests you may need to restart VS Code or other editors for them to take effect.

### Run Non-Cloud Functional Tests

> 1. Required environment variables:

Reviewer: Where are the values for these found so that they can be set?

Author: I added descriptions for these environment variables.

> 1. Required environment variables:

Reviewer 2: Are all of these env variables required or some are optional?

>    1. **TF_RECIPE_MODULE_SERVER_URL**: This is the URL for the Terraform Recipe Module Server. If you have run `make publish-test-terraform-recipes` you will see this URL at the end of that command.

Reviewer 2: Running `make publish-test-terraform-recipes` is a prerequisite so let's make that explicit. Feel free to modify the suggested phrasing. Also, let's call it out in the prerequisite above to copy the output for later use.

```suggestion
   1. **TF_RECIPE_MODULE_SERVER_URL**: This is the URL for the Terraform Recipe Module Server. You can find this URL in the output of `make publish-test-terraform-recipes` from step 7 of prerequisite above.
```

>    2. **DOCKER_REGISTRY**: This is the container registry that you would be using for storing the test related images.

Reviewer 2: Is this required or do we have a default that we can point the users to?

>    3. **BICEP_RECIPE_REGISTRY**: This is the container registry that you would be using for storing the Bicep recipes.

Reviewer: Are these URLs or registry names?

>    3. **BICEP_RECIPE_REGISTRY**: This is the container registry that you would be using for storing the Bicep recipes.

Reviewer 2: Same here, is this required or optional? Do we have a default in either case?

>    4. **RADIUS_SAMPLES_REPO_ROOT**: This should point to the root directory of the Samples repository in your local, if you want to run the functional tests for the samples.

Reviewer 2: > if you want to run the functional tests for the samples

What happens if this is not set?

> 2. Run:

Reviewer 2: Let's expand on this to give user some context on what's going to happen when they run this script.
